Firmware fingerspelling and modifier keys, WIP

Disclaimer: I accept no responsibility for brain damage caused by
reading my scatter-brained source code. Comments that may appear
to explain what I was thinking may actually only be relevant to code
that I deleted because it didn't work.

To try it out, enter bolt/fingerspelling mode with upper-left key of
the right hand.

Hold number bar on the ring finger and fingerspell on the other, or
tap and release by itself to toggle alphabet mode locking.
While holding ring finger toggle key, include middle finger number
bar to add shift, inner thumb key to add alt, outer thumb key to add
control.

TODO reimplement broken locking mode
If alphabet mode is locked, you can alternate hands to type
fingerspelled characters. Characters in this mode are sent when all
keys on an individual half of the keyboard are released, so you can
be releasing a chord on one hand while starting one on the other.
When I tried this as a Python dictionary, I could do two letters at
once, one on each hand, as a whole chord, but it had to be left letter
first always and never quite felt natural. The back and forth motion
feels like something I could keep getting faster at.

For now, fingerspelled characters are sent directly by the Ergodox,
and anything that doesn't meet the criteria to trigger a character
sends a chord using the bolt protocol. Buried deep under the mess
that is this keymap is still a core of the bolt keymap code written
by Jason Green. 
 
Right hand alphabet is just a mirror image of the left hand alphabet.

Letters that have been changed to put the whole alphabet on one hand:
e: PR- or -RP
i: FPR- or -RPL
u: SKW- or -BGS (not sure if that's my final choice for 'u')
space: SP-
enter: STR- (definitely not my final choice, maybe TRA instead?)
period: TPO-
comma: KWO-

The stenodictionary.h file that has all the character translations in
it gets generated by a python script from part of a python dictionary
I gave up on when I realized what I wanted made more sense to do in
firmware (also requires less bizarre chords to avoid conflicts this
way).

Lines 198 through 228 of doublefist.py is basically the
dictionary, along with a few other things added by the script
doublefist_firmware_maker.py.


TODO Fix transition code so order of modifier and modtoggle being pushed
doesn't matter.
